when Mordecai learned all that had
happened he tore his clothes and put on
sackcloth and ashes and went out into
the midst of the city he cried out with
a loud and bitter cry he went as far as
the front of the Kings gate for no one
might enter the Kings gate clothed with
Sat LOF and in every province where the
king's command and decree arrived there
was great mourning among the Jews with
fasting weeping and wailing and many lay
in sackcloth and ashes
so Esther's maids and eunuchs came and
told her and the Queen was deeply
distressed
then she sent garments to clothe
Mordecai and take his sackcloth away
from him but he would not accept them
then Esther called hey FAQ one of the
Kings eunuchs whom he had appointed to
attend her and she gave him a command
concerning Mordecai to learn what and
why this was so hey that went out to
Mordecai in the City Square that was in
front of the Kings gate and Mordecai
told him all that had happened to him
and the sum of money that Haman had
promised to pay into the Kings
Treasuries to destroy the Jews he also
gave him a copy of the written decree
for their destruction which was given at
xuxa that he might show it to Esther and
explain it to her and that he might
command her to go into the King to make
supplication to him and plead before him
for her people
so hey that returned and told Esther the
words of Mordecai then Esther spoke to
Heath AK and gave him a command for
Mordecai all the king's servants and the
people of the king's provinces know that
any man or woman who goes into the inner
court to the king who has not been
called he has but one law put all to
death except the one to whom the King
holds out the golden scepter that him he
live yet I myself have not been called
to go into the king these thirty days so
they told Mordecai Esther's words and
Mordecai told them to answer Esther do
not think in your heart that you will
escape in the king's palace any more
than all the other Jews for if you
remain completely silent at this time
relief and deliverance will arise for
the Jews from another place but you and
your father's house will perish yet who
knows whether you have come to the
kingdom for such a time as this then
Esther told them to reply to Mordecai go
gather all the Jews who are present in
Shushan and fast for me neither eat nor
drink for three days night or day my
maids and I will fast likewise and so I
will go to the King which is against the
law and if I perish I perish
[Music]
so Mordechai went his way and did
according to all that Esther commanded
him